{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green154\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red77\green77\blue77;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c99216\c60392\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c37475;
}
\paperw12240\paperh14240\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15040\viewh18380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 CheetSheet Privacy Policy\

\f1\b\fs48 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs28 \cf4 This privacy policy governs your use of the software application CheetSheet (\'93Application\'94) for mobile devices that was created by\'a0MartianTribe.\'a0The Application is\'a0a note taking program.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 User Provided Information\'a0\

\b0 The Application only obtains your email address when you enter it into your account settings. We may use the information you provided us to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information and required notices. \

\b Automatically Collected Information
\b0 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0
\cf4 The app will capture your location data, including zip code.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.\'a0When you create an account it will collect your location data at that moment, but otherwise, it does not track your location.\
\'a0
\b Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 No\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 What are my opt-out rights?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 You can request to opt-out via email, at privacy@martiantribe.com. By doing so some features and planned features of the app may not be available to you. \
\'a0
\b Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information\

\b0 We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you\'92d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at\'a0privacy@martiantribe.com\'a0and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.\
\'a0
\b Children\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at\'a0privacy@applicationsite.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319\partightenfactor0

\b \cf4 \'a0Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.\
\'a0
\b Changes\

\b0 This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy\'a0here\'a0and\'a0informing you via email or text message. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. You can check the history of this policy by clicking here.\
\'a0
\b Your Consent\

\b0 By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,\'94 means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States\'a0your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States\'a0privacy standards.\'a0\
\'a0
\b Contact us\

\b0 If you have any questions regarding p\cf3 rivacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at\'a0privacy@martiantribe.com.}