{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green154\blue0;\red77\green77\blue77;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c99216\c60392\c0;\csgray\c37475;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 CheetSheet  Topic Help
\fs28 \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx203\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li222\fi-19\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 Topic Title and Subtopic:\

\b0 The topic title is required. Enter a title that will provide enough detail to know what this topic will cover. For example,  \'91America\'92s Founding Fathers\'92. The subtopic is optional but helpful if you are entering something in more detail, for example: \
\
Title: America\'92s Founding Fathers\
Subtopic: Samuel Adams\
\
Both fields are limited to 60 characters. \
\

\b Content:\

\b0 Enter your topic content in the text area just below the camera icon. There is no limit to how much text you can enter (other than the limit set up by Apple). However, smaller chunks of content are easier to remember than long entries. If you find you are writing information than can fit on the screen, think about how you can break the topic into smaller, sub topics. \
\

\b Attribution:\

\b0 If you are using CheetSheet for research papers or any other kind of work where you might reference the work of other's be smart and make sure you give the original authors the proper attribution. Despite our name, we don't want you to cheat on your homework. If it's not your own thoughts, give that person credit!}