{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green154\blue0;\red77\green77\blue77;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c99216\c60392\c0;\csgray\c37475;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 CheetSheet  Help
\fs28 \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx203\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li222\fi-19\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 CheetSheet is a note taking app designed specifically to be a study buddy. The idea is to be like a flash card but allowing for more details. However, that\'92s not to say it can\'92t be used as a business or productivity tool. \
\
On the main page there is a sign in and create account buttons at the top. You are not required to create an account to use the app. What this allows is for you to be able to store the topics you create not only locally on your device but also in our cloud service. Future expansion plans for the app will allow users to share their topics with other users. We collect minimal personal data for an account (see our privacy policy) and have no intentions of sharing that data. Ever. \
\

\b Reviewing Your Topics:\
\

\b0 On the main page there is a list on the left that shows all the topics (and their subtopics) that you created. To review a topic, just tap on it\'92s title in the list and it\'92s contents will appear on screen. \
\

\b Deleting A Topic:\
\

\b0 To delete a topic, swipe left on the topic title and select the delete button. As of this time, topics are only deleted from your local storage, not from the cloud service if you have also saved them there. In our next release, you will be able to load your cloud saved topics if you\'92ve deleted them locally. \
\

\b Adding A Topic:\
\

\b0 To add a topic, tap the arrow icon at the bottom of the screen, this will present a nav menu. Tap the Add Topic button, this will present the Add Topic Screen. \
\
}